samsung galaxy gear smartwatch event is
pretty much confirmed for Aoife more
leaks head to the fingerprint scanning
technologies of the iphone 5s and you
better order your verizon HTC one while
it's hot I'm high Meadow iveta and I
find that hilarious how Verizon is
introducing a phone that's been in the
market for the past six months but
anyways this is pocket now daily let's
start the day off with the official news
for those of you that have been waiting
almost six months for the verizon HTC
One to reach the market well the signup
page is now available you can yes you
can sign up you can Sally can't
pre-order the phone and we still don't
know exactly when the phone is going to
be launched but rest assure you're
finally getting your HTC One on vic red
even though we can't promise you there
you're gonna skip that big verizon logo
at the back now let's move over to
google now as the company is rolling out
new features eventually that will allow
the service to become smarter than it
really is already just like the service
can currently crawl your email to figure
out what's the tracking number of a
package and give it to you in google now
or figure out you know a boarding pass
from your email from the airline
apparently the company is also allowing
the service to now crawl for more
information like what's the rest of your
day looking like even if you haven't
scheduled it on your calendar now
obviously this will not be instant you
would have to actually allow the service
to crawl through your private
information but that said it's really
cool to see that it's getting better and
better according to google it's going to
be rolling out eventually to smartphones
in the united states we don't know about
the rest of the world so hurry up now
let's go through some rumors and even
though we're kind of skeptical of all
these iphone 5c and iphone 5s rumors we
finally have some leaked photographs of
some real parts this time over the
fingerprint scanning technology there's
apparently coming to just the home
button of the iPhone 5s and not
necessarily the whole display but
remember Apple is this company that
loves prototyping they love trying
different things and they probably are
trying both things at the same time
whatever happens regardless it's really
cool to see if the home button is
finally gonna get more functionality but
obviously this could all be bitched at
last minute so let's see how that goes
and if you laughed about the Nokia Lumia
925 being considered a phablet what it's
everything but that well
today is now rumored to be working on
the Lumia 820 5 and we are getting a 5.2
inch display on this device and
apparently it's gonna be rocking a
quad-core processor but wait a second
there's gonna be a Snapdragon 400 which
is odd since I thought those were stuck
a duel or but the point being is that
apparently this device will be a mid
seared phone but that's set the only
reason why that quad core processor can
work on Windows Phone as if Windows
Phone 8.1 gets announced so stay tuned
for whatever happens first and finally
for the hot news of the day you know
that it was gonna happen I mean Samsung
is that company that will bring you
Twitter on your refrigerator what's
gonna hold them back from bringing you a
SmartWatch according to do reports the
Samsung Galaxy gear will be announced
that Samsung's unpacked event to happen
at Aoife in Berlin we're gonna be
covering everything why but apparently
everything is pretty much confirmed that
is gonna happen so stay tuned on that
but that leads me to the question of the
day are you looking forward to a samsung
Smart Watch is that really something you
would like compared to the pebble now
and other services that are out there
like the sony smartwatch in my
particular case honestly if it is a
SmartWatch meaning if it's any smarter
than just the smartphone companion
there's pretty much a parasite I would
be interested but if it's just a
smartphone companion all that's doing is
saving me three seconds from pulling the
phone out of my pocket and seeing the
alert so leave us a comment down below
what do you think friends as always you
know the drill if you want earlier
scoops of everything that's happening in
the smartphone it's our old machine
follow us on pocket now in our comment
subscribe to our YouTube channel as well
the news go there before this video is
filling that you can also follow me on
twitter Jaime underscored iveta please
give this video a thumbs up if you liked
what you saw I am high never a better
thank you very much for watching see you
tomorrow